Change "Checksum verification successful. File integrity verified." info log to debug (#662)
ScilifelabDataCentre/dds_cli: SPRINTLOG.md

- GitHub Actions to generate the documentation fixed ([#1473])(https://scilifelab.atlassian.net/jira/software/projects/DDS/boards/13?selectedIssue=DDS-1473)
- Print project information and ask user for confirmation when deleting or archiving projects ([#1401])(https://scilifelab.atlassian.net/jira/software/projects/DDS/boards/13?selectedIssue=DDS-1401)

# 2023-10-16 - 2023-10-27

> - Change "Checksum verification successful. File integrity verified." info log to debug ([#662])(https://github.com/ScilifelabDataCentre/dds_cli/pull/661)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Change "Checksum verification successful. File integrity verified." logging level from INFO to DEBUG in order to not print for all files  ([#662])(https://github.com/ScilifelabDataCentre/dds_cli/pull/661)
```
